this is the excellent star soldier all
the way from 1988 for your Nintendo
Entertainment System an old-school
hard-as-nails vertical scrolling
spaceship shooter and if possible I'll
recommend that you play this one with a
controller that has turbo fire or else
you'll be exercising your thumbs
you only have one weapon in Star Soldier
your laser beams and you can upgrade
them to a point which I'll show you in a
bit but like other old-school vertical
scrolling spaceship shooters such as
xevious you are woefully underpowered
for the majority of the game and must
rely on movement and precision aiming
however if you can pick up three of
those power things you get the star
soldier disco theme spread shot and
shield
I'm using the turbo fire on my
controller to save my thumbs some of the
enemies that you'll encounter looked
kind of weird like this guy and you
can't lock on to them and shoot them
with homing missiles even though this is
the future and you're in space we're
going to machine-gun him like other
old-school games in this genre like
Truxton Star Soldier is super
challenging because it's really easy to
crash into things and note that my
spread shot went down to a twin shot now
because I actually took fire from that
weird blue face guy absorbed it with my
super shield but lost my awesome spread
shot however I still have my shield
which which is good doesn't help when
you run into things though okay we're
going to attack the star brain and if
you don't blow him up in time the game
rewinds you back to the middle of the
previous level and makes you do it again
so it's actually not a bad way to get
some more points but ideally you just
want to blow away that stupid star brain
the way that I like to play Star Soldier
is to get the spread shot hang out in
the middle of the screen and not move
much that way there's less chance of
crashing into things and let's get both
of them at once for the bonus thank you
that's not easy to do because I usually
lose the spread shot at some point
during that level all right back to the
star brain and a sloppy mistake
destroying my multitrillion-dollar
spaceship damn it
star Soldier is pretty easy to find for
the Nintendo Entertainment System it's
actually from Hudson soft there are some
sequels including the well-known
superstar soldier for the turbo graphics
16 both star soldier and superstar
soldier are available on Nintendo's
Virtual Console for the week
here's another one of my games star
soldier is the kind of game where you
increase the speed of your spaceship as
you power it up and then when you're
destroyed it goes back to being slow
again and completely throws off at least
my game
visually star soldier is not the most
exciting game out there but most of the
old-school Nintendo spaceship shooters
all kind of look like this visually and
the gameplay department star soldier is
one of the better ones and if you enjoy
others like Xevious and alpha mission
then you'll probably enjoy star soldier
and I can't stand these stupid blue
homing things that I'm about to get
destroyed by when your ship gets the
slow speed option here doomed its star
soldier for the Nintendo Entertainment
System